And so I've I've asked Wayne to jump in
and and kind of have you know share I
guess not only some of the technical
things that maybe we could do or or we
currently can do but also you know if you
know as we I don't know it it kind of
depends when you integrate there's like
1000 different things and meanings right
when it comes with that and so.
I wanted to make sure that if we start
talking in those terms or that language,
I mean,
I think that's a language Wayne speaks,
not me.
So I want to make sure that I don't miss
misspeak or or anything like that. Jim,
I guess for a little bit of background
before before you we necessarily jump in
or maybe I'll ask this question first I.
I believe that the answer is is is Saba,
but what is what is kind of the back end
of the university,
the FM mobile university? Is it Saba?
Yeah.
Yes,
so in-house we call it Learning Center
Online,
which is currently a cornerstone Saba
OK.
Cloud instance.
We also do leverage Degreed for one of
our.
Organisations. However,
if you if you're at all familiar with
Cornerstone and what's going on,
Saba is going away at the end of 2027.
They're sundowning the platform.
So we have made recently made the
decision to migrate over to their
Cornerstone Learn and Galaxy.
Platform.
So that there's no company announcement
that's been made on that.
We literally just made the decision a few
weeks ago. So, so,
but for the purposes of this discussion
K.
and future learning,
we will still be on Saba through the end
of 2027.
But we should also talk about what how
things look in their on-demand platform.
OK.
OK, awesome. Well,
let let me kind of start with this. Jim,
you probably don't have much context to
brainstorm and and kind of what we do.
And so I'll give you that 30,
000 foot view and if there's questions
you have as we have this discussion,
but I think this will be helpful.
We're we're a Microsoft learning partner.
We do a lot of of you know kind of end
user.
User focused microlearning,
we call them flows because there's some
really dynamic things that we do where
you know a user can answer a question and
we kind of push them to an area of
training based on that answer.
And so there's a really unique end user
experience that we have.
That that helps to drive success and you
know all of the things that we're wanting
from from all of our end users as we
think about technology and training.
We have a lot of learning outside of
Microsoft these days.
I think two of the main things is really
AI focus.
We call them AI security and AI
productivity.
These are a little bit of tool agnostic
where.
We're trying to drive, you know,
users to be secure with with A I,
but also productive with A I regardless
of the tool that they have.
And and those are some of the things that
Jonathan,
myself and teams have been have been
chatting about.
We do not really look at ourselves as
like a learning management system.
We have a lot of aspects.
Of that but we we really have narrowed
into you know this niche of of technology,
AI and and end user focused and so you
know that with that said that requires
obviously some opportunities to to
integrate in some different ways with
systems we we currently have prebuilt
ready to.
Integrations with with Microsoft
technologies like Teams,
like Viva Learning, like SharePoint.
We have a connection already built for
SAP SuccessFactors as a learning
management system.
I will probably let Wayne talk a little
bit more about Cornerstone.
We are doing,
we're actually getting ready to release
some of that like now.
As far as the Cornerstone integration,
I I I hesitate to say anything other than
we're we're actually doing it for a
customer right now,
but it may depend on version.
And that sort of thing.
And so I don't want to get ahead of it
and say it's it's done right now.
What we don't though have Jim is a Saba
pre-built connection we do have.
A couple of options that I think it and
it depends on you know kind of the
experience that you're trying to drive
from the university with you know
obviously your your learning management
system being the back end there.
Today we can easily link any course any.
Really anything within a homepage,
the system itself,
we can do web links into those those
systems.
And so if if Saba allows you to web link
you know into third party courses or
tools or things like that,
we would use single sign on for
authentication so it feels super seamless
for a user.
But if you're just saying like, hey,
we want the access point to be in in,
you know, the FM University,
like we could do that with links today.
We do track completions in our system and
so there's an opportunity to export
import on your end.
That is, that is something that we can do,
you know,
kind of right now we do offer open APIs
and so now we're getting into more
technical.
But if if FM Global wanted to look at
those APIs and see how they wanted to
connect like those are things that we can
provide.
If there's a desire for us to build a
connection that's more than links, right?
It's more of a native integration,
then that's where Wayne and I would need
to better understand the experience
you're looking for.
And then we would have to look at road
map and timing and and things like that
on our end.
And I I'm just trying to kind of set the
stage for you a little bit.
I think,
but maybe more curious of what is the
user experience that you're looking for
immediately and then maybe our
Cornerstone integration actually solves
this long term.
Yeah.
So it it sounds to me like there's a
variety of opportunities to connect where
we might need to.
I I think the piece that I'm missing is
and Jonathan you'll you'll need probably
need to help me understand like what is
the user experience like that we're
looking for.
I'm not very familiar with your catalog
of content, so I apologize for that.
In as saba as your basic standard LMS,
right?
Yeah.
So there's nothing too glorious about it
and it's so we would have.
Yeah.
A catalogue of content and we would
enroll in it and launch it and it would
take you either to your platform or.
But I don't know that that's what I'm
hearing is that may not be the intended
experience for the the best use of your
platform the way you intend it to be used
so.
Yeah,
I can provide a little more context for
you, Jim.
So the reason why we wanted to have this
Mhm.
conversation is because Marty would like
to not for probably won't make it.
We definitely won't make it for Q1,
but for Q2/Q3.
We wanted to work with a a partner to
help with our mandatory learning.
So the if you saw the A I fundamentals or
I forget what we call it,
M.
but the first training that went out in
December, right,
that was something that we curated in
house and then.
Yeah.
They're going to be doing another one in
in March,
early March that that that timeline is
too short for us.
That one's going to be focused on
prompting. So moving forward,
OK.
if we're going to have enterprise wide AI
training,
that's going to be mandatory on a
quarterly basis.
Marty figured it's probably best to try
to get it through LCO.
That's the primary use case.
Secondary use case would be if we're
going to do targeted,
if we're going to be targeting specific
roles like field engineers for example,
then we could probably just point them
directly to the platform.
But we're really look we're we want to
start with the primary goal.
I think the low hanging fruit will be the
target,
the role specific education that we want
to do.
But Marty's really looking for a vendor
partner that can help us with that
mandatory training.
So when when you ask what the.
Desired user experiences.
I'm looking for simplicity.
I'm putting my, you know,
I'm gonna have to take the training as
well.
We're all gonna all of FM colleagues are
gonna have to take the training.
So I know what I don't want from an
experience, right?
I don't want to have to click multiple
things to get to the.
The content that we have to to review.
So I don't,
I don't know what my options are yet,
but simplicity would be great, yeah.
Well,
I'll say this and this is me speaking.
I don't know that too much.
Your Hey, Jim,
your volume's a little low on my end.
Yeah, me me too. No, me too.
I don't know if that's just me, OK?
Yeah,
this is teams doing its thing to me again.
How about now? That better?
A lot better. Yep.
There. OK, so um.
Yeah.
Working with other vendors who have a
catalog of content that they want to
Your vendor is here.
OK.
offer through LCO,
it's it's it's a standard configuration
like we could we would import either
SCORM files or a ICC or URLs to launch
into.
and SSO into the platform when when
launched. That's pretty standard.
We were able to do that. Um
But this is me not completely familiar
with the Brainstorm platform and how it's
intended to operate, right?
But assignments and that would be the
most common type of integration and it
sounds like you would be able to support
something like that.
What I'm and then in terms of role based
assignments,
again depending upon how the catalog is
built,
we could we could support that within LCO,
but again.
But again,
Brainstorm may have its own functionality
that is much more adapted to the
experience that you're ultimately looking
Yeah.
for.
So it's going to be ultimately like the
points of where are those connection
points that we need to identify?
Is it at the content level?
What we want to try and avoid is.
We still would like our learning platform
to be the point of entry for learning.
We We would hesitate wanting to send
someone out to a completely different
platform and have all of that training
managed there. Umm
But I I suppose there can be exceptions
once I understand the real where the
needs are at. Does that make sense?
As an example,
our InfoSec team uses a platform that
does their content is offered through LCO.
Mhm.
It's assigned by LCO,
but in order to make that.
We have to export the content.
He froze on me too.
Performance on that. Oh my God.
Mail.
Hey Jim. Yeah,
I think the last thing I caught was you
Yeah.
have to export the content and then it
went quiet.
Yeah.
Yes, OK, sorry.
We basically we need to we export a SCORM
package from that vendor.
We import it into the library.
We make assignments in LCO.
The performance is tracked.
On the vendor platform and then just
because the vendor platform has its own
custom proprietary functionality that
they leverage to make other follow-up
assignments and stuff like that, so.
I guess that's that's a convoluted way of
of me saying it sounds like we have the
ability to make the connections that
you're looking for.
I just need to understand what the what
the brainstorm experience is intended to
be and that might change the decisions
that we make.
Sure.
Yeah, I'm,
I'm happy to chime in on a few points
here as well.
I think that what we're touching on is
different levels of integrations,
which Gus,
I know you you touched on earlier,
you know the the web link I think was one
of those. Correct me if I'm wrong Gus,
but when you're proposing that,
that was more of like a.
That's the least amount of effort,
generally,
and that's where an organization wants to
have a single point of entry to something
like a homepage, right?
We see customers do that on a SharePoint
site, for example,
saying go here for Brainstorm the next
tier down, Jim.
Sounds like aligns with that third option
that you threw out there,
which was more of a a link on a course
level. So we don't,
we don't actually provide our content to
be fully embedded in another platform,
so SCORM and.
And a ICC are are not options that are
not formats that we support,
but you know the the list of URLs is is
probably the most viable option and
there's a few things I I think that are
worth discussing around that that one.
So when you've made these integrations
with others and you're ingesting a a list
of URLs,
is that a a static list or are you
calling like an endpoint and ingesting a
list on on some cadence?
Um.
I've seen both,
so for example with a large vendor like.
Yeah.
Can you hear me alright with a with a
larger vendor like LinkedIn we have
there's a marketplace connector and it
creates a course object and that that to
connect to it is a URL which we've
established SSO.
So when you launch the course you're
actually launching.
A new window takes you right into
LinkedIn and you're authenticated via SSO.
That's managed through a connector, right?
We have another vendor who provides it's
a deployed SCORM or a URL,
just they provide the URL and.
That's what we put in.
So when we launch the course,
it does the same thing that is manually
managed. It's not done via a connector,
OK.
so we can do it either way.
OK. Well,
I'll just speak to the the pros and cons.
You know both are options for for us.
I mean it's probably worth noting as well
as that we are an API first platform and
so the the the behavior that you're
seeing utilized in in our admin portal
which is where everything is administered
for end users is.
Generally available,
you know we have some restful endpoints
for as well.
So if you're wanting to obtain a list of
of the content that we have in our
platform at any given point in time,
you know that's an endpoint that can be
hit.
And and you can get that as needed, right.
And so if you were to take that and
generally we recommend this as like a a
first step just to test the experience,
but isn't typically the best long long
term experience for end users as you can
hit that.
Pull down a list of of our courses,
you know that's a point in time and then
upload that into an external LMS.
You know the downside with that of course
is that it is a point in time and as we
make refreshes as and you know I would
Yeah.
say as we pinned new content,
that's where it tends to break.
Whereas you add content, right,
that's not captured there.
So that's where you know a integration
directly with those same endpoints via
API call tends to make the most sense
long term.
And you know you're calling those
endpoints to get a an updated list of
Yeah.
We do.
content. Now the Yep, go ahead.
I'm sorry,
I was gonna just we do have the ability
for that.
OK.
Great. And then we can work with you.
Typically that that just becomes a
mapping exercise then where we're trying
to match fields to, you know,
the destination and we're happy to work
with whomever on that. And then there's,
Me.
you know,
a few nuances to sort through it when in
terms of like the administration you
mentioned assignments.
Right.
So that's something once that once we've
Mm.
determined the destination, the format,
typically you know our customers are are
doing that in one of two locations.
So if you do that inside of the LMS,
right,
you can work with whatever you're
ingesting there.
If you do it in our platform,
just note that the those assignments are,
you know we're we're talking about a a
deeper integration that we're trying to
pull basically what's been assigned to in
users and brainstorm and reconcile that
with what's been assigned or prioritized
in a.
An external LMS.
So generally we we advise customers just
pick one,
you know either make those in brainstorm
or makes make those in the LMS.
That'll save you guys time and effort.
Right.
And then.
Yeah, I do agree.
It would be one of the other,
certainly not both.
Yeah.
So that that that's the administration
part.
Um.
And then you know that we have you know
the reporting information available via
endpoints as well.
So any completion data you want to get,
you can hit those same restful endpoints.
So Jonathan,
as you're quarterly doing a mandatory
training, right,
and we we log a completion,
Sure.
you know there's some work to be done,
but it can essentially pull back to the
LMS if that's where you wanted to track
it. If not,
it tracks in our system if you're just
needing it to show.
Complete. We can show that,
but if you're wanting to show a complete
somewhere other than brainstorm,
then that's that's kind of what Wayne's
Yeah.
talking about.
Yeah,
and that that one's more unlike the the
assignment administration.
That one's more of an and right?
Like you can do it in both places
simultaneously without any issues.
Yeah.
All right.
I don't know if there's other questions
if I know,
I know today was kind of meant to be more
discovery and and things like that.
But Jonathan,
I don't know and obviously Jim,
if you have other questions there kind of,
I'm not sure what would be next.
I don't have any more questions,
at least for Brainstorm.
More just for Jim. And again, apologies.
I spent spent some time with John Tang,
your counterpart,
before the end of the year.
So for my conversations with him,
he did mention the the example he talked
about with information security.
So that's why he suggested that this was
a good next step and we'll probably take
a a similar approach to what's happening
with information security.
Use case that you brought up.
So with that being said,
is there anything else that you would
need to know from Brainstorm before we?
Talk internally about next steps.
Well, I'm wondering,
is your API library accessible so that we
take a look at it?
I imagine we'd have to get someone to an
architect to look at that.
Uh.
I I believe so, Wayne.
I'm good to send that over, correct?
Just through the portal.
Yeah,
I was gonna say is it it it is behind a
login.
So as long as you have an account on our
platform you would be able to access that.
But that would be the the one caveat
there. Gus,
I I guess we just need to make sure that
everyone on the call.
Yeah.
You would just it either can do a magic
link or you can do a password on your own,
but I'll I'll get that sent.
OK. I kind of have two kind of questions.
Again, Jonathan, for you,
is there aside from needing access to
targeted courses,
is there any additional functionality on
the Brainstorm platform that you are
looking to to leverage?
I mean not knowing what exactly I might
be asking for.
Yeah, I I understand your question.
I think for the purposes of today, no,
there is a ton that we could do with
their platform, but I think the the key.
Like the key thing that Marty's looking
for is the content. But yeah,
there's other stuff I know that
Brainstorm can do, but the primary,
the primary use case is the content and
just their ability to stay on top of the
the latest and greatest updates for
Copilot.
OK. All right.
And then I guess for for Wayne,
Mhm.
Gus had mentioned that you're working on
a connection for Cornerstone.
I I don't know if it's the Galaxy or just
their on-demand learn platform.
It's on demand.
Is there?
Can you give any addition on demand? OK.
Mhm.
Do you have any timeline information on
on that?
We have a,
I think it was more of a beta launch at
the end of the month. So yeah, in January,
early, early February,
you know that's going to be opened up for
for customers to we're just expanding our
pilot there.
Don't anticipate really any major GA
release beyond that,
it's just has to do more with you know.
What we're observing at that point in
time, if there's interest there, you know,
we can certainly include you as part of
that that early beta or even when it
makes sense.
It sounds like you're maybe a little bit
Yeah.
out on that though, is that right?
Yeah,
we we are only just now starting the
implementation,
but come that time we might be in a place
And.
to to talk about the data again,
all right.
Sure.
Yeah, I I think, Jim,
we would probably beat you to that,
meaning we would be done with our beta
before probably you would be implemented,
Yeah.
I think so. That sounds right.
so.
Yeah.
All right, great. That's,
I mean that's as about as much as I need
for now.
It it sounds like we have an opportunity
OK.
for integrating a number of ways to just
need to.
Get some more clarity on on the API
library and um.
Those exact titles that you're looking
for.
Awesome.
OK, great. So yeah,
I think that's all we needed then.
So it sounds like Gus,
you'll be sending something over to our
internal team and then Jim,
you let me know is like next week if I
just get a call with yourself and John
just.
So we're all on the same page for next
steps.
Yeah, that'd be fine. Yeah.
Yep. OK. All right. Sounds good.
Just so I can get a response to to Gus
OK, awesome.
and Wayne,
and I can also let Marty know what our
intentions are moving forward.
Awesome.
I will get that out here today to the
group so.
Great. Awesome. All right.
Appreciate the time, guys. Thank you.
Alright, thank you. See ya.
Thanks.
Thanks everyone.
Bye.